README.md, before:

# Biz2creditApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Added customer list and invite customer logic

README.md, after:

# Biz2creditApp


## How to Run this Application

Need following dependencies

NodeJs >= 10.16
Angular CLI Latest (version 8.1.0) (It is built on latest angular CLI).

## Step to do

Goto project directory

Run `npm install` For install node modules or dependency modules (which is angular/material, lodash etc.).

Run `ng serve --open` for start dev server and open browser tab on `http://localhost:4200/`.

After that there are a input box where User can upload `customer.txt`.

After successfully uploaded `customer.txt` User can see customer list on screen.

There are invite button for invite customer within 100Km.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
